Document action cable command callbacks (#45446)
rails/rails: guides/source/action_cable_overview.md

[`rescue_from`]: https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActiveSupport/Rescuable/ClassMethods.html#method-i-rescue_from

#### Command callbacks

> You can define callbacks to be execute before, after or around any channel interaction (subscribing, unsubscribing or performing actions). For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can define callbacks to be executed before, after or around any channel interactions
(subscribing, unsubscribing or performing actions). For example:
```

Reviewer: Hey @palkan, I'm also wondering if we should define `command` somewhere in this guide (under Terminology?), as it isn't mentiond anywhere else in this guide.
